fix(eighth): fix duplicate signups when transferring students (#1052)
tjcsl/ion: intranet/templates/eighth/emails/transferred_activity.txt

> You were transferred by the 8th Period Office into {{ dest_act.activity }} on {{ date_str }} during {{ dest_act.block.block_letter }} block. Your previous signup has been removed, but you may re-signup on Ion if you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You were transferred by the 8th Period Office into {{ dest_act.activity }} on {{ date_str }} during {{ dest_act.block.block_letter }} block. Your previous signup during this block has been removed, but you may re-signup on Ion if you wish.
```

> You were transferred by the 8th Period Office into {{ dest_act.activity }} on {{ date_str }} during {{ dest_act.block.block_letter }} block. Your previous signup during this block and your signup during {{ source_act.block }} have been removed. Please visit Ion to ensure you are in the correct activities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You were transferred by the 8th Period Office into {{ dest_act.activity }} on {{ date_str }} during {{ dest_act.block.block_letter }} block. Your previous signup during this block and your signup during {{ source_act.block }} have been removed. Please visit Ion to ensure you are signed up for the activities you are planning to attend.
```
